Speaker 1: Now, then most of us have spent our entire lives thinking that the earth looks like this. But you can forget about that. Because the earth in fact, well done, that's cool. OK. Looks like this. This is what it is. It's flat. And it has a... Just like Game of Thrones, it has a big ice wall surrounding it.
Speaker 2: Mark Sargent is one of the leading voices in the flat earth movement and he believes it's time that we all woke up and realised that we actually are living on a flat desk. 
Speaker 1: Well, Mark joins us now. 
Speaker 2: Good morning Mark.
Speaker 1: I mean obviously there are thousands of questions which I'm sure you've been asked a thousand times.
Speaker 3: A few yes. 
Speaker 1: Yeah. So, um, the, we believe for many years that the earth was flat, um, and, uh, and then science comes along and, uh, discovery comes along. Right. And we think, right, okay, um, now we can see that it's actually round. 
Speaker 3: Sure. 
Speaker 1: We've seen that it's round. 
Speaker 3: Sure. 
Speaker 1: So how come it's not? 
Speaker 3: It's not because we can't prove it's a globe. Everything that we've... In fact, it starts out with everybody that's in the flat-earth community starts out looking at the globe saying, \"Can you prove it? Can you prove the globe, especially without using NASA?\" Because it's not that we found out that the world was a globe back in 1972. We knew for five centuries. So that's how everyone starts. You try to prove it in a court of law. 
Speaker 1: I flew in Concord and I was lucky enough to fly in Concord and you get up to 65,000 feet. I could see the curvature of the earth. That was proof to me. How come that wasn't true? 
Speaker 3: And yet I could show you weather balloon footage from 120,000 feet. It's absolutely tabletop flat. And Neil deGrasse Tyson, the world's most famous scientist, no offence to Brian Cox, he'll come out and tell you go, no civilian will ever be able to see the curvature of the earth.
Speaker 2: So is he lying?
Speaker 3: No, I'm not seeing that you're lying. I'm saying that you wanted to see the curvature. There's a big difference. 
Speaker 2: But don't you want to believe that it's flat? 
Speaker 3: No.  
Speaker 1: I have more proof than you do. 
Speaker 3: I would challenge that. 

 